fix: [UIE-8146] - DBaaS V2 bug fix (#10980)
linode/manager: packages/manager/.changeset/pr-10980-fixed-1726845381695.md

---
"@linode/manager": Fixed
---

> DBaaS V2 bug fix (database status display, timezone tooltip, replication_type) ([#10980](https://github.com/linode/manager/pull/10980))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Incorrect timezone in Database Maintenance Window tooltip, inaccurate Resize status of Database, and unneeded `replication_type` in  v2 `createPayload` ([#10980](https://github.com/linode/manager/pull/10980))
```

A changeset this long is usually an indication that the PR is erring on the side of doing too many unrelated things, but suggesting a little more user-friendly description of the fixes here.
